Finally friends, you will see that ICICI LB
Board has just disclosed its Q2 numbers.
How have the
results of Quarter 2 been and what
impact will it have on the
stock, we will discuss that in this video.
So let's see
what the results are and what the impact will be.
So first of all here you will
see that a dividend of 65% has been
announced by the company.  That means
this company is going to give you dividend on equity share at ₹6.5
and its record
date has been fixed as 23rd October.  Ok
?  And by November 12, the company will pay you
dividend.  Dividend money will also come into your accounts.
Let us now
see its results.  So we will
now discuss its audited financial
results.  All figures
given in lakhs will also be converted into crores.  If we
talk about total income or
total revenue, then in the current quarter you will
see that its total income is
approximately Rs 658267
lakh i.e. Rs
65.6582 crore, what was the income in the previous year,
brother, approximately Rs 683 crore and if
you compare it with the same quarter of the previous year, then
its
income there was approximately Rs 5850 crore, that is, on
year on year and quarter on quarter
basis, its income is seen increasing.
You will see that its income has been increasing in the second half year also.
Right now the income overall is quite good.
Apart from this, if we talk
about its expenditure, that is,
how has the company incurred the expenses?  So in the current quarter, it is worth Rs 5830
crore, which was Rs 5429 crore in the previous year and
Rs 5186 crore in the same quarter of the previous year.
That means its expenses are increasing on year to year and quarter
to quarter basis.
But it is
not more than the revenue, right?  Meaning the
company has made profit again brother.
But how much is the profit?  So here we will
see that if we talk about operating profits, it is
around Rs 752 crores.  Ok?
And you will see that its profits in the previous quarter were
around Rs 654 crore and in the same quarter of the previous year it was Rs
664 crore.  So, we are seeing its profit increasing on year
to year and quarter to quarter basis.
And the rest you guys will see is profit after
tax.  So the profit after tax that
we are seeing is about 819 crores
and in the previous quarter it was
700.47 crores and in the same quarter of the previous year it was
693 crores, so
we also see the profit after tax increasing, so
overall the results are quite good,
right now it is a strong result, so its impact should be
absolutely positive and rest you
people will see how its earning per share has been right now, that is,
EPS will be
seen here, right now it is ₹169, what was ₹16.49 in the previous, right now it was
156 and in the same quarter of the previous year it was
₹14.5,
apart from this you people will see its
NPA ratio etc., it is not shown here right now.
Ok?  There is no show on NPA ratio etc.
and there are no special announcements.
Now let us compare it with the market estimate.
Currently the earnings per share has
come to Rs 1649.  And what was being expected
from the company right now, brother, what kind of response should be there
?  ₹16.55.
Ok?  That means it went down a little bit from the market estimate, just now, just now, just now, just now, just now, just now, if we
talk about the earnings per share, then you will
see the revenue right now, it is around 6582
crores and what was being expected, right now
you will see it around 5700 crores,
okay, 5770 crores, so the revenue which was
expected was 5770 crores, so
these are the total results right now, overall the results are
fine brother, the impact should be positive
and we will see the rest tomorrow, brother, if we talk about
premium, then sorry, its
margin this time is 12.44%,
okay, so this is its total result and the rest
you will see, what announcements have been made right now,
inside this you will
see the revenue segments are given, brother,
how much revenue has the company been seen generating from which segment,
here
you will get to see the data and there are
no other special announcements in this right now, still if you want to
know something, if you want to ask something, then
you people  You can ask in the comments.
These notes show the updates that have happened during the quarter and the
data can be seen here.
Thank you for watching the video.